Add DSF to sponsor, track page; add K&L to track page (#20)
pyconau/2023-website: src/content/tracks/djangocon.mdx

name: DjangoCon AU
---

After a short break, the ninth [DjangoCon AU](https://2023.djangocon.com.au) is running in 2023!

We welcome talks about Django from all experience levels, but as a conference for Django enthusiasts, we also want to hear from those outside Django.

A tradition for DjangoCons has been to invite speakers from other web frameworks and programming languages to share their experience, to help Djangonauts learn and pick up ideas from outside the Django ecosystem. We would like to extend that offer to all our submitters!

Even if the framework in focus of your talk is not Django, or even based in Python, we welcome your submission! Just note that our audience is strongly Django/Python inclined, and may not know a lot about your framework/language.

> DjangoCon AU is co-organised by [Liz Holliday](https://www.ackama.com/) and [Katie McLaughlin](https://glasnt.com/hats), and sponsored by the [Django Software Foundation](https://www.djangoproject.com/foundation/)

Author: ```suggestion
DjangoCon AU is co-organised by [Liz Holliday](https://www.commoncode.io/) and [Katie McLaughlin](https://glasnt.com/hats), and sponsored by the [Django Software Foundation](https://www.djangoproject.com/foundation/)
```
